Restore Options changes (revert #1722) (#1723)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/guides/configure-error-mitigation.mdx

description: How to configure error mitigation with Qiskit Runtime.
---

# Configure error mitigation

Error mitigation techniques allow users to mitigate circuit errors by
modeling the device noise at the time of execution. This typically
results in quantum pre-processing overhead related to model training and
classical post-processing overhead to mitigate errors in the raw results
by using the generated model.

> Primitives support several error mitigation techniques, including [TREX](/api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/qiskit_ibm_runtime.options.ResilienceOptionsV2#measure_mitigation), [ZNE](/api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/qiskit_ibm_runtime.options.ResilienceOptionsV2#zne), and [PEC](/api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/qiskit_ibm_runtime.options.ResilienceOptionsV2#pec). See [Error mitigation and suppression techniques](error-mitigation-and-suppression-techniques) for explanation of each. In V2 primitives, you can turn on or off individual methods. See the [Custom error settings](#advanced-error) section for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Primitives support several error mitigation techniques, including [TREX](/api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/qiskit_ibm_runtime.options.ResilienceOptionsV2#measure_mitigation), [ZNE](/api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/qiskit_ibm_runtime.options.ResilienceOptionsV2#zne), and [PEC](/api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/qiskit_ibm_runtime.options.ResilienceOptionsV2#pec). See [Error mitigation and suppression techniques](error-mitigation-and-suppression-techniques) for an explanation of each. In V2 primitives, you can turn on or off individual methods. See the [Custom error settings](#advanced-error) section for details.
```

classical post-processing overhead to mitigate errors in the raw results
by using the generated model.

> Primitives support several error mitigation techniques, including [TREX](https://docs.quantum.ibm.com/api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/qiskit_ibm_runtime.options.ResilienceOptionsV2#measure_mitigation), [ZNE](/api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/qiskit_ibm_runtime.options.ResilienceOptionsV2#zne), and [PEC](/api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/qiskit_ibm_runtime.options.ResilienceOptionsV2#pec). See [Error mitigation and suppression techniques](error-mitigation-and-suppression-techniques) for explanation of each. In V2 primitives, you can turn on or off individual methods. See the [Custom error settings](#advanced-error) section for details.

Author: ```suggestion
Primitives support several error mitigation techniques, including [TREX](/api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/qiskit_ibm_runtime.options.ResilienceOptionsV2#measure_mitigation), [ZNE](/api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/qiskit_ibm_runtime.options.ResilienceOptionsV2#zne), and [PEC](/api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/qiskit_ibm_runtime.options.ResilienceOptionsV2#pec). See [Error mitigation and suppression techniques](error-mitigation-and-suppression-techniques) for explanation of each. In V2 primitives, you can turn on or off individual methods. See the [Custom error settings](#advanced-error) section for details.
```

primitives.

<Admonition type="info" title="Attention">

> Error mitigation is task specific, so the techniques you are able to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Error mitigation is task-specific, so the techniques you can
```

<span id="advanced-error"></span>
## Custom error settings (V2 primitives)

With the V2 primitives, you can turn on and off individual error mitigation and suppression methods, including dynamical decoupling, gate and measurement twirling, measurement error mitigation, PEC, and ZNE. See [Error mitigation and suppression techniques](error-mitigation-and-suppression-techniques) for an explanation of each.

<Admonition type = "note" title = "Notes">

> - Not all options are available for both primitives.   See the [available options](runtime-options-overview#options-table) table for the list of available options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Not all options are available for both primitives.   See the [available options table](runtime-options-overview#options-table) for the list of available options.
```

> - Not all methods work together on all types of circuits.  See the [options compatibility](runtime-options-overview#options-compatibility-table) table for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Not all methods work together on all types of circuits.  See the [options compatibility table](runtime-options-overview#options-compatibility-table) for details.
```

<span id="advanced-error"></span>
## Custom error settings (V2 primitives)

> With the V2 primitives, you can turn on and off individual error mitigation and suppression methods, including dynamical decoupling, gate and measurement twirling, measurement error mitigation, and ZNE. See [Error mitigation and suppression techniques](error-mitigation-and-suppression-techniques) for an explanation of each.

Reviewer 2: And PEC!

```suggestion
With the V2 primitives, you can turn on and off individual error mitigation and suppression methods, including dynamical decoupling, gate and measurement twirling, measurement error mitigation, ZNE, and PEC. See [Error mitigation and suppression techniques](error-mitigation-and-suppression-techniques) for an explanation of each.
```
